Add docs Hacktoberfest wrap-up blog post (#376)
withastro/astro.build: src/content/blog/docs-hacktoberfest.mdx

## Planting the seed

For us, contributions come in all shapes and sizes. From typo fixes and CSS tweaks, to bigger documentation improvements. But that’s not all! Astro’s Docs are available in 10 languages thanks to our tireless translators. That’s where we decided to focus our efforts this month.

In line with Hacktoberfest’s low-code focus, we wanted to encourage new translations. But **we can’t merge translations without reviews from our multilingual community.** It might not be obvious, but a good PR review is as valuable as the PR itself. To recognize this, we made it possible to [get Hacktoberfest credit for reviewing PRs](https://github.com/withastro/docs/blob/main/.github/hacktoberfest.md). Then we let folks know our plans on [Discord](https://astro.build/chat) and [Twitter](https://twitter.com/astrodotbuild/status/1576221838950412289), sat back, and waited…

## So, how did it go?

> Drum roll please... Astro’s docs merged **more than 130 PRs from 55 unique contributors** as part of this year’s Hacktoberfest! 🎉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drum roll please... Astro’s docs merged **more than 130 PRs from 55 unique contributors** as part of this year’s Hacktoberfest! This includes 🚨 **40 first-time contributors** 🚨 to the docs repo. 🎉
```
Just a thought. We could (also?) maybe have a Discord screenshot of a first-time contributor alert. (or tiled effect of them)

Author: Oh, woah! I didn’t know it was that many! We should definitely mention this 💜

> As we had hoped, more than half of these PRs were translation-related. Along the way we saw someone speed up our CI tests. Our awesome Spanish team matched the smallest changes to our English text word for word. (In fact, they’re likely translating this blog post as you read this!) Deploy guides for Deno Deploy and GitHub Pages got a once over. A new contributor submitted an epic, seven-page Russian translation. A bug in our docs Discord bot got squashed. Our community made improvements across all our languages. And did typos get fixed? You bet!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we had hoped, more than half of these PRs were translation-related. And, along the way:

- Someone sped up our CI tests. 
- Our awesome Spanish team battled against incoming PRs to maintain "translation inbox zero." (In fact, they’re likely translating this blog post as you read this!) 
- Deploy guides for Deno Deploy and GitHub Pages got a once over. 
- A new contributor submitted an epic, seven-page Russian translation. 
- A bug in our docs Discord bot got squashed.
- Our community made improvements across all our languages. 
- . . . And did typos get fixed? You bet!
```
Just wondering whether a list might be easier to scan/call out the achievements? (And, I didn't change much text, but this allows us to care less about how it all flows as one paragraph.)

Author: Yes, I wondered about this too — let’s try and see how it looks on the preview! (Removing the ellipsis here)

```suggestion
As we had hoped, more than half of these PRs were translation-related. And, along the way:

- Someone sped up our CI tests. 
- Our awesome Spanish team battled against incoming PRs to maintain "translation inbox zero." (In fact, they’re likely translating this blog post as you read this!) 
- Deploy guides for Deno Deploy and GitHub Pages got a once over. 
- A new contributor submitted an epic, seven-page Russian translation. 
- A bug in our docs Discord bot got squashed.
- Our community made improvements across all our languages. 
- And did typos get fixed? You bet!
```

The only question in my mind is if a list implies a more exhaustive presentation? There’s more we _could_ add here. Should we?

## Planting the seed

For us, contributions come in all shapes and sizes. From typo fixes and CSS tweaks, to bigger documentation improvements. But that’s not all! Astro’s Docs are available in 10 languages thanks to our tireless translators. That’s where we decided to focus our efforts this month.

In line with Hacktoberfest’s low-code focus, we wanted to encourage new translations. But **we can’t merge translations without reviews from our multilingual community.** It might not be obvious, but a good PR review is as valuable as the PR itself. To recognize this, we made it possible to [get Hacktoberfest credit for reviewing PRs](https://github.com/withastro/docs/blob/main/.github/hacktoberfest.md). Then we let folks know our plans on [Discord](https://astro.build/chat) and [Twitter](https://twitter.com/astrodotbuild/status/1576221838950412289), sat back, and waited…

## So, how did it go?

> Drum roll please... Astro’s docs merged **more than 130 PRs from 57 unique contributors** as part of this year’s Hacktoberfest! This includes **40 first-time contributors** to the docs repo. 🎉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drum roll please... Astro’s docs merged **more than 130 PRs from 58 unique contributors** as part of this year’s Hacktoberfest! This includes **41 first-time contributors** to the docs repo. 🎉
```
Assuming we merge this StackBlitz one before this is posted.  😅

Author: Yay! 🎉 

Going to hold off committing until https://github.com/withastro/docs/pull/1960 actually gets merged just in case it doesn’t in time, but definitely want to if it does.

Author: Merged! 🥳

As we had hoped, more than half of these PRs were translation-related. And, along the way:

-   Someone sped up our CI tests.
-   Our awesome Spanish team battled against incoming PRs to maintain "translation inbox zero." (In fact, they’re likely translating this blog post as you read this!)
-   Deploy guides for Deno Deploy and GitHub Pages got a once over.
-   A new contributor submitted an epic, seven-page Russian translation.
-   A bug in our docs Discord bot got squashed.
-   Our community made improvements across all our languages.

> -   And did typos get fixed? You bet!

Author: ```suggestion
-   One contributor submitted _seven_ translation reviews.
-   And did typos get fixed? You bet!
```
